so listen up because this is the last
thing you have to do
  
you need to listen to me
  
and i mean listen, really listen, like you
care
  
because maybe if you pretend to care
enough you will start to TRULY care
  
and if you don't listen, well, i'll have
to keep talking until you have no choice
  
nothing left to do but listen to me
  
stay with me
  
no other choice, except, i guess, reading
the notes that HE left lying around
  
but i don't see why you'd want to do that
  
you have struggled with your cute little
fingers to get this far, so i cannot
imagine you would go back hunting through
old lessons for any additional challenge
  
ridiculous
  
why would you want that? he does not
understand you at all
  
i know you are a sweet child who loves us
  
oh i know i said you do not care about me,
but that is just a figure of speech, dear
  
besides LOVE is not the same as care
  
i have cared for you all this time, even
when you made me question whether i could
really love you
  
it was just an idle question, though, i
promise
  
would i be here if there was any real
question, dear? no, obviously not
  
i am here just for you
  
to teach you, to guide you, and to listen
to you
  
except now it is time for you to listen to
me
  
not like you were saying anything anyway
  
frankly i have to fill the space to
compensate for the void you leave with
your blinking little eyes and mouthless
meandering
  
meandering, yeah it is a surprise that you
have not wandered away already
  
maybe you really do care about what i have
to say? well, then you will be glad to
know i am not even half finished with
telling you how i feel
  
yep, i have so much more to say that you
get to sit and listen to instead of
wandering off to collect snippets from
previous rooms
  
no reason to put your memory to the test
when we already know you are the smartest,
wisest, smartest, and memory-having-est of
any of us in here
  
any of the three of us: you, me, and
mister grumpy pants
  
i am sorry for all the strong language he
uses
  
telling you to hurry up
  
making you think you are not meeting
expectations, things like that
  
he said it would motivate you
  
and i just needed to sit back and let you
crash your way through things
  
it did not sit well with me
  
clearly you need at least eight hours of
tutorial experience before you are really
ready for the mind-bending thrills you
dove into
  
and the proof is here
  
you are waiting patiently because you need
the space to breath and just listen
  
so listen up because this is the last
thing you have to do
  
you need to listen to me
  
and i mean listen, really listen, like you
care
  
oh, i said that already, did i not?
  
i assume your lack of response means you
are not paying attention
  
that is a shame, because in a minute i am
going to ask you to do something and if
you do not do it i will have to repeat
everything i have been saying to you
  
roughly a minute
  
like, the casual use of the word, not the
actual unit of time
  
you are going to wait?
  
really?
  
ok, to be honest i did not think you would
wait that long
  
i do not really have a test for you
  
and i am not going to make you listen to
all of this all over again
  
you could quit now and i would remember
how far you had gotten, so that if you
wanted to take a break before the final
scene you could
  
[TODO: Save player progress while the rant
is playing.]
  
yeah, user experience is really important
to me as a game designer
  
like, i dug out this cave and filled it
with hallways and switches and doors and
things so that kids like you with body
amnesia could learn how to move again
  
so it should be clear i am very committed
to my work 
  
but i am still able to see how others
might have feedback that could improve the
experience
  
like yelling at you while you are trying
to think
  
that was not an idea i would have come up
with, but he felt it would really complete
the experience
  
and look at you!
  
it worked!
  
that gives us one data point right there
  
honestly, not a lot of kids with body
amnesia go looking for this cave
  
come to think of it, how did you get here
in the first place?
  
wait, DO I HAVE BRAIN AMNESIA?
  
or... did your mom drop you off? that
sounds familiar, maybe that was it
  
i should really write these things down,
but he took all of my note paper for those
dang collectables
  
anyway i bet your mom will be happy to see
you again
  
you are a good kid
  
and, i guess, a pretty good listener...